{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
kpop_combined\
\

\fs40 88 popular K-pop tracks in 2019
\fs24 \
\

\b\fs28 Description
\b0\fs24 \
\
A dataset containing 88 tracks, selected from 2 Spotify \'93best of 2019\'94 K-pop playlists.\
\
More detailed descriptions of variables can be found here: https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/reference/tracks/get-audio-features/\
\

\b\fs30 Usage
\b0\fs24 \
\
kpop_combined\
\

\b\fs28 Format
\b0\fs24 \
\
A data frame with 88 observations of 20 variables:\
\
artist.name\
\
	name of artist\
\
track.name\
\
	name of track\
\
album.name\
	\
	name of album the track belongs to\
\
album.type\
\
	type of album: single, album, or compilation\
\
popularity\
\
	The popularity of the track. The value will be between 0 and 100, with 100 being the most popular.\
\
genre\
\
	genre of the track, based on the playlist it is retrieved from\
\
danceability\
	\
	Danceability describes how suitable a track is for dancing based on a combination of musical elements including tempo, rhythm stability, beat strength, and overall regularity. A value of 0.0 is least danceable and 1.0 is most danceable. \
\
energy\
\
	Energy is a measure from 0.0 to 1.0 and represents a perceptual measure of intensity and activity. Typically, energetic tracks feel fast, loud, and noisy. \
\
key\
\
	The estimated overall key of the track.\
\
loudness\
\
	The overall loudness of a track in decibels (dB). \
\
speechiness\
\
	Speechiness detects the presence of spoken words in a track. The more exclusively speech-like the recording (e.g. talk show, audio book, poetry), the closer to 1.0 the attribute value. \
\
acousticness\
\
	A confidence measure from 0.0 to 1.0 of whether the track is acoustic. 1.0 represents high confidence the track is acoustic.\
\
instrumentalness\
\
	Predicts whether a track contains no vocals. \'93Ooh\'94 and \'93aah\'94 sounds are treated as instrumental in this context. Rap or spoken word tracks are clearly \'93vocal\'94. The closer the instrumentalness value is to 1.0, the greater likelihood the track contains no vocal content.\
\
liveness\
\
	Detects the presence of an audience in the recording. Higher liveness values represent an increased probability that the track was performed live. A value above 0.8 provides strong likelihood that the track is live. \
\
valence\
\
	A measure from 0.0 to 1.0 describing the musical positiveness conveyed by a track. Tracks with high valence sound more positive (e.g. happy, cheerful, euphoric), while tracks with low valence sound more negative (e.g. sad, depressed, angry). \
\
tempo\
\
	The overall estimated tempo of a track in beats per minute (BPM).\
\
time_signature\
\
	An estimated overall time signature of a track. The time signature (meter) is a notational convention to specify how many beats are in each bar (or measure).\
\
key_name\
\
	The estimated overall key of the track.\
\
mode_name\
\
	Mode indicates the modality (major or minor) of a track, the type of scale from which its melodic content is derived. \
\
key_mode\
\
	a combination of key and mode\
\
\
}